hello ladies and gentlemen at your boy
APL Fisher here a PLO oh shit warmup
round there's not many people in here
right now this is going to be an
interesting attempt to win a gun game
here with very few enemy so I got three
on three well three on three action MLG
MLG pros
there we go good start I think it's the
first time I've actually gotten to kill
right off the right off the spawn and
any of my gun game so far which is
really sad actually they totally honest
with you guys oh god I'm gonna be
fighting my own teammates here quite a
bit to get any kills can already tell
that Oh God come on shows but goats come
on showed there you go spray my deagle
spray my deagle cuz I have good aim
there we go oh that was stupid to wait
there while they were invincible but you
know we all do stupid things sometimes
god I hate this I hate that pistol the
uh I should know what it is on the top
of my head and they're just running all
the fuck over me we're in the fucking
matrix right now with this god I have
the worst aim right now I just got home
from work don't judge me I see you
judging me oh my lord I'm getting fucked
on cat this is fucking pissing me off
you're gonna see me rage if you don't
fucking die Wow 57 expert that gun is
horrible I can't believe this is fucking
fuck this is bad come on what the fuck I
fucking I'm seriously gonna punch a baby
I'm going to find a small infant child
and just go to town on its face thank
you would you die I for health from that
still he Oh
I don't even know what to say if I say
anything else it's gonna be it's gonna
it's can't fuck you oh my god artificial
ninja it will be my final my final act
in life will be smothering your face in
a pillow while you're sleeping I don't
give a shit die goode dermot its
artificial ninja again get fucked get
fucked artificial ninja by chose mcgoats
justice is here and he's fucking girthy
as hell oh my god this is so bad right
now I'm sorry what like where my boats
going there that should have killed that
guy like liquor imma stop bitching I'm
gonna win I'm a stop bitchin stop making
excuses and I'm gonna win I'm gonna
fuckin dominate while we won alright we
start we start the round i am here we go
there's not that many people in here but
i'm still gonna win i'm fucking pissed
trying to be sneaky up their fucking
alright alright artificial ninja yeah
you got my number buddy you get my
number fucking find your receipt and
take this game back you're gay not that
it's anything wrong to be gay but oh my
god wow oh my god artificial ninja time
i'm seriously about the mother oh my god
guys guys for real Oh get fucked get oh
my god i have no 00 aim wow wow all
right i can still do this i can still do
this come around the corner Wow fuck you
oh my god Lisa was an artificial ninja
guys we're moving on up in the world
here we go here we go how are people
winning fucking so stupid more people in
the server get more people in the server
we're playing for on to right now gun
game
that's me slamming my mice against the
fucking desk oh my god what the fuck god
what do I gotta do around here to get
some fucking registry get fucking nated
oh that's gonna be tough Oh Swan Swan
right around the corner oh my god i need
an eighth i need an eighth i need an
eighth I'm not gonna lose to artificial
ninja we are not having that yes yes
artificial ninja eat it I just need a
knife I just need a knife oh my god oh
my god it's know is that kind of need to
he's gonna try to demote me he's already
trying to demote me I can fucking see
him I can see it see him oh my god
artificial ninja he's gunning for me
he's gonna for me he's trying to get an
aide you're trying to get an eight oh no
no no no this guy's gonna steal from me
oh my god I can't lose this guys guys
guys guys nope yes yes or four children
job Bruce eat it eat it here how do you
like it all right I was a little that
was a little too much excitement but
fuck that guy fuck that guy that's what
you get chose mcgoats chose but goats in
the house oh my god I think I'm on drugs
I don't know why I'm so excited peace
guys just one enjoy the music fuck
artificial ninja if you're listening
fuck your mother to see ya I'm out later
alright guys for us you guys